README.md, before:

## Open Visual Stimulator

This repository holds the resources for a flexible, spatial visual stimulator with up to 6 chromatic channels. It combines commercial digital light processing (DLP) devices with open hard- and software components that can be easily adapted to the experimentalist’s specific needs. With this we intend to start a community effort of sharing and further developing a common stimulator design.

Please find more details on the stimulator in the following preprint:

Franke K*, Maia Chagas A*, Zhao Z, Zimmermann MJY, Qiu Y, Szatko K, Baden T, Euler T# (2019). Preprint: An arbitrary-spectrum spatial visual stimulator for vision research. bioRxiv [10.1101/649566](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/649566v1)

### Ordering of PCB boards

If you are interested in ordering boards and components, please find more information in the boards folder [readme.md file](https://github.com/eulerlab/open-visual-stimulator/blob/master/boards/readme.md). 

## Repository structure

```
├───boards                                    LED driver/blanking boards
│   ├───lcr_add-on                            - KiCad files for board that combines LCr and blanking signals
|   |   ├───connector_coaxial.pretty          - BNC connector description (KiCad)
|   |   └───gerber                            - Gerber files for circuit board
│   ├───mosfet_circuit                        - KiCad files for board that switches switch LEDs
|   |   ├───connector_coaxial.pretty          - BNC connector description (KiCad)
|   |   └───gerber                            - Gerber files for circuit board
|   ├───mosfet_circuit_plus_voltage_regulator - KiCad files for board that combines voltage regulator and LED switching
|   |   ├───connector_coaxial.pretty          - BNC connector description (KiCad)
|   |   └───gerbers                           - Gerber files for circuit board
|   └───arduino_code_for_testing_circuits     - Arduino code to emulate blanking and LCr signals
|       └───lcr_emulator
|
├───printed_parts                             OpenSCAD and STL files for 3D printed parts
|   |                                         (e.g. fish "cinema")
│   └───optical_components                    - optomechanical parts
|
├───calibration_mouse                         Calibration of dichroic mouse stimulator
│   ├───data                                  - recorded calibration data (custom LEDs and TFT monitor)
│   ├───datasheets                            - spectrometer data sheet, etc.
│   ├───filters                               - dichroic filter spectra
│   ├───light-sources                         - spectra of LEDs
│   ├───opsins                                - mouse opsin sensitivity curves
│   ├───scripts                               - Python scripts used in iPython notebooks
|   └───spectrometer-calibration-files        - USB2+ calibration data
|
└───calibration_zebrafish                     Calibration of tetrachromatic zebrafish stimulator
    ├───data                                  - recorded calibration data
    |    ├───powermeter_recording
    |    └───spectrometer_recording
    |        └───correction_curves
    ├───datasheets                            - spectrometer data sheet, etc.
    └───led_spectra_after_teflon              - LED spectra measured behind the teflon screen
```

Commit message:

update readmes and 1-click-bom.csv for solid state relay board

README.md, after:

## Open Visual Stimulator

This repository holds the resources for a flexible, spatial visual stimulator with up to 6 chromatic channels. It combines commercial digital light processing (DLP) devices with open hard- and software components that can be easily adapted to the experimentalist’s specific needs. With this we intend to start a community effort of sharing and further developing a common stimulator design.

Please find more details on the stimulator in the following preprint:

Franke K*, Maia Chagas A*, Zhao Z, Zimmermann MJY, Qiu Y, Szatko K, Baden T, Euler T# (2019). Preprint: An arbitrary-spectrum spatial visual stimulator for vision research. bioRxiv [10.1101/649566](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/649566v1)

### Ordering of PCB boards

If you are interested in ordering boards and components, please find more information in the boards folder [readme.md file](https://github.com/eulerlab/open-visual-stimulator/blob/master/boards/readme.md).

## Repository structure

```
├───boards                                    LED driver/blanking boards
│   ├───lcr_add-on                            - KiCad files for board that combines LCr and blanking signals
|   |   ├───connector_coaxial.pretty          - BNC connector description (KiCad)
|   |   └───gerber                            - Gerber files for circuit board
│   ├───mosfet_circuit                        - KiCad files for board that switches switch LEDs
|   |   ├───connector_coaxial.pretty          - BNC connector description (KiCad)
|   |   └───gerber                            - Gerber files for circuit board
|   ├───mosfet_circuit_plus_voltage_regulator - KiCad files for board that combines voltage regulator and LED switching
|   |   ├───connector_coaxial.pretty          - BNC connector description (KiCad)
|   |   └───gerbers                           - Gerber files for circuit board
|   ├───ssr_board                             - KiCad files for solid state relay board
|   |   └───gerbers                           - Gerber files for circuit board
|   └───arduino_code_for_testing_circuits     - Arduino code to emulate blanking and LCr signals
|       └───lcr_emulator
|
├───printed_parts                             OpenSCAD and STL files for 3D printed parts
|   |                                         (e.g. fish "cinema")
│   └───optical_components                    - optomechanical parts
|
├───calibration_mouse                         Calibration of dichroic mouse stimulator
│   ├───data                                  - recorded calibration data (custom LEDs and TFT monitor)
│   ├───datasheets                            - spectrometer data sheet, etc.
│   ├───filters                               - dichroic filter spectra
│   ├───light-sources                         - spectra of LEDs
│   ├───opsins                                - mouse opsin sensitivity curves
│   ├───scripts                               - Python scripts used in iPython notebooks
|   └───spectrometer-calibration-files        - USB2+ calibration data
|
└───calibration_zebrafish                     Calibration of tetrachromatic zebrafish stimulator
    ├───data                                  - recorded calibration data
    |    ├───powermeter_recording
    |    └───spectrometer_recording
    |        └───correction_curves
    ├───datasheets                            - spectrometer data sheet, etc.
    └───led_spectra_after_teflon              - LED spectra measured behind the teflon screen
```
